Orchestra of Emotion: Curse of the Alien
The man stepped out of the doorway, into the sun that was bleating down on him. He waswearing a brown shirt and had auburn hair. His eyes were blue and he had hands with rings onthem. On one hand the ring had a skull on it and on the other hand the ring had an violin on it.
This man’s name was Gurwa.
Now that he was outside, Gurwa looked forwards ahead of him and he saw one of his friendly friends, Aysha Platau. Aysha Platau was wearing baggy jeans and had an ear piercing. Like Gurwa, she also had a ring on her hand… but instead of a violin on it there was a piano on it. Aysha Platau said “Hi Gurwa” to Gurwa, and Gurwa shrugged and replied back with a terse “Hello”. Aysha Platau Inquisitively asked “What are you planning on doing today my friend?” and Gurwa responded back “Not much, I’m just been feeling down in the dumbs”. “Oh no!!! that’s terrible! why is that?” again asked Aysha Platau. “Oh you know, ” Gurwa started, “With everything that has been happening recently, it’s just…” but as he spoke, his voice was cut off by a siren sounding very close-by.
Everyone in the immediate vicinity ducked down except Aysha Platau and Gurwa, who stood up straight and tall looking very very brave. “Oh, this dang stuff again” Gurwa cursed under his breath, and unsheathed his Green LED Sword which hung from his back. As he unsheathed the sword, the scabbard shuddered with an excited forthcomingness of a future battle to be had.
Aysha Platau pulled from her backpack a large copper hammer made of the strongest metal known to man, called ‘Copporium’. “Where are they?!” she shouted, “Let me attem!!!”
Just then a blurring blue figure crashed into the ground right next to them creating a large crater.
“Umhbn” groaned Gurwa
Out of the crater stepper a blue alien with weird sticky fingers and normal sticky toes. His eyes were auburn and his hair was combed over but in a cool way. “KILL ALL HUMANDS” the blue alien shrieked.
“Uh… no fraggen way” retorted Gurwa, as he leaped towards the alien, prepared to slice with his sword. as he inched closer and closer to the alien, he began to notice that the alien was not moving, and he began to worry that something was wrong. Nonetheless, he persevered on, coming right up to the front of the alien, and charging up a slice of his sword.
“Oh no, Gurwa!” Aysha Platau shouted, “Be careful, the blue alien has a gun!!!”.
Gurwa’s eyes opened wide, but sadly it was too late. The blue alien shot Gurwa with his assault rifle 30 times, leaving him bloodied on palpitining on the cold hard ground.
Aysha Platau tried to activate her Musical power with her ring, and as a green light exploded from the ring, Gurwa’s body turned to a fine green mist and flew towards her. Reaching Aysha Platau, the mist started to dance around her, as if it was shielding her from danger, then a white light shot into the sky and for some time nothing could be seen.
After the blinding light had dissipated, a figure stood equally familiar and equally foreign. It looked like a combination of Gurwa and Aysha Platau, and it had a huge crown-like helmet and a halberd-like spear.
“My name is Genji, the holy songmen” said Genji, brandishing his golden spear.
Finally, the blue alien spoke: “Ah, finally an enemy worth battling! All I have known is weaklings and children as my victims”. “Yes” Genji responded, “Well you may not know much from now on, seeing that you’ll be dead!”.
Genji charged in a furious frenzy towards the blue alien, and struck him in the hand with his spear. “Gaackk” the blue alien spattered, blue blood exploding from his mouth like fireflies in the night sky. “No… please don’t kill m…” the blue alien tried to say, but Genji sliced him vertically in half down the middle, with his blue blood shimmering like a meteor shower in November.
Genji stood in the road, covered in blood, with the siren wailing like an annoying baby. A white light struck the sky once again and by the time it had dissolved, Genji was gone once again and back again were the two. Gurwa, still suffering from multiple gunshot wounds, groaned in a deep voice similar to the tone of a large whale. Aysha Platau scrambled to call for emergency support for Gurwa, terrified of losing her friend. After all, it would be their Concierto recital in just a week!
After waiting on the phone for about a half a minute, she finally connected to 611 (Health Emergencies in the world of Phaloft), and another half a minute later life-fighters (Like fire-fighters but for keeping people alive) arrived on the scene and administered shockingly competent medical aid on Gurwa.
Gurwa sat up and laughed “Heh, I guess he got me” as the sun descended upon them.

From a window down the road, a set of eyes leered upon them. It was the set of eyes of the malignant Mr. Robespierre, who had sent the Evil Alien to attack them. “Drat!” he cursed “They have defeated my weakest enemy, but will they be able to handle my stronger friends?” as he spoke this, he looked over his test tube alien and cackled to himself. “We will see, we will see”.

The End of Chapter One Subscripe To My YouTube Channel For More
10 Subs = One More Chapter
100 Subs = Two Chapter’s
10000 Subs = Three Chapter’s
1000000 Subs = A FREE BUGATTI YESSSSS!!! :