Film began to spurl out of the projector. By the time Mia returned to the projection room (the room containing the projector), Mia (the projector operator who is supposed to prevent the film from spurling out of the projector and piling up onto the floor) found the entire <i>Cooper Black 2: Triumph of the Cooper</i> film piled up on the floor. She had gone for a relinquishing beverage of seven or fifteen beers and four cigarettes (Pall Mall XL Smooth), and had only noticed her grave error upon returning to the projection room. 
“Shit” she said. “Fuck”. She began frantically stuffing the film back into the projector, just as how a nervous squirrel might stuff nuts into a suitcase in the early morning before an important flight.
	The audience had taken notice of the abrupt ending to <i>Cooper Black 2: Triumph of the Cooper</i>, and many had began tossing small stones and eggs towards Mia (the projectioner).
Adding to the projectionist Mia’s stress, many of the eggs were not eggs but frozen plums and painted rocks. Just as the last of Cooper Black 2: Triumph of the Cooper had been jumbled onto it’s spool, there was a knock at the door. Mia didn’t even get a chance to pick herself off of the floor before the door was blown off of it’s hinges, shooting through the wall behind her leaving a rectangular hole like some sort of Looney Tunes-style event.
“Oh God!” she yelled.
“Not quiet…” replied the figure in the doorway. “I am Agent Chris Ztcesorbalsky (pronounced Kyle)”
	As the agent approached Mia (the projectionist) he drew from thin air a sword from his scabbard (worn on the back). He swirled it around quite copaciously. <b><i>SCHSKDTWWWaaanG!</i></b> He cut a single #611d0f hair from Mia’s head.
“Heh.. Didn’t like the movie?”
“I’m sorry agent Chris Ztcesorbalsky.. I only stepped out for a minute to have a referential beverage and four Pall Mall XL Smooth cigarettes. I had no idea that Cooper Black 2: Triumph of the Cooper would fuck up the projector and fall out everywhere and shit. I thought nothing nuts would happen. I thought I’d come back with a light buzz and it’d all be normal and nobody would get mad and be throwing rocks at me and stuff” at this point she was sobbing.
“What’s your name, smokeshow?”
“I’m Mia. Please don’t hurt me. God I’m so scared fuck. I think I’m gonna throw up”
Agent Ztcesorbalsky pushed her hair from her eyes with his 14’ Blacksteel Legendary level 1000 Katana. She responded with a whimper.
Just as the agent was about to open his mouth and give another whitty cruel remark, another figure appeared behind him. Before he could even react Ztcesorbalsky was shot 37 times in the back. He wheezed through his bullet filled lungs, letting out a slight squeal as he rolled around in his own blood. Mia, too, was covered in the blood of the agent.
“Don’t move! NYPD!” the figure shouted. As he approached Mia her eyes met his and she recognized him. 
“Hands! Show me hands! Show me your hands motherfucker!”
“Oh my god are you -” but before Mia could finish her sentence the officer had switched from his service weapon to his sidearm, a IMI Desert Eagle .50, and double tapped her in the head. He cautiously approached the two corpses, and as he knelt down to check the pulse of Mia (the projection woman who works the projection machine) his badge came into frame. 
It read SGT. B. COOPER NYPD
It was Cooper Black from the film <i>Cooper Black 2: Triumph of the Cooper.</i>
