First things first: I need to clear the air in here. In this very room. The evil energies must be dispelled from our shared abode before beginning this boisterous bonanza.
The Orchestra of Emotion was the grandest events of all times. Yes, as it was a multitude of events across a multitude of time(zones).
Wam, the sixteenth blood lord of the Goldlands declared whilst standing upon the Tears of Blood: On this bloody day of final battles we shall commemorate the emotional sacrifice of our brave sacrifices with an Orchestra of Emotion, or so the story goes.
Deuteronomy slithered his way into the banquet. His snake-like eyes viewed the room with utmost clarity through the All Seeing Lens. His mission was simple: Steal the Orchestral Horn of Emotion.
Casting a spell of invisibility, Deuteronomy disappeared without a sound.
But Deuteronomy had forgotten one crucial thing. To look up upon the rafters above the banquet. And upon the rafters stood Knife. Elite assassin of the Wammers, Wam’s assassin brigade.
Knife had witnessed this and brandished his knives, ready for action. Closing his eyes he opened his third eye, allowing him to see the heartbeat of all around him.
Perched upon the rafters, Knife waited, tracing Deuteronomy’s heartbeat. Thump. Thump. Thump…
Deuteronomy now stood before the Orchestral Horn of Emotion, but standing above him stood Knife. Both knives brandished.
Deuteronomy’s lips stretched forth inching ever closer to the mouth of the horn. He knew the legends were true about the horn and had risked everything to get here. Sacrificing his wife, his parents, his children, even… his own soul.
In a flash Knife’s knives cut through the air descending upon Deuteronomy. Aiming for the heartbeat. Each knife plunged into Deuteronomy’s chest.
All the banquet member’s gasped. Knife lay dead. He was crashed into the table spilling all the food and alcohol everywhere over the room.
Panic sprung from the crowd’s mouths.
“How could an elite Wammer assassin like Knife drop dead out of nowhere?” cried the princess in tears (who was in love with Knife).
Deuteronomy grinned. Having sold his soul to the Reaper he could no longer be killed by such mortal blades. Everything was going exactly according to his exquisitely laid plan. In the chaos he grabbed the Orchestral Horn of Emotion, stood upon the grand ornamental pedestal, and cast a spell of unvanishing.
“HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!” exclaimed Deuteronomy. “Foolish nobels. The Orchestral Horn of Emotion is mine!”
But Deuteronomy miscalculated and made a grave mistake. Knife slit his throat the instant he started speaking and cut his head off. The princess had used her healing magic to kiss Knife back to life while Deuteronomy was busy gloating of his victory.
With a clang the Orchestral Horn of Emotion fell to the ground.
That is the legend, as you might have heard it, but what if I told you a different story went down on that fateful day. Yes, you probably won’t believe me but it's true. The Orchestral Horn of
Emotion we use in the Orchestra of Emotion has been a fake for the past 10 years.
In truth, Deuteronomy still lives. Cursed to never be able to blow the horn, yet he holds it waiting to lift the curse. The Wammers have declined, only Knife remains on his hunt to kill Deuteronomy, but the Wammers are destined to rise again.
Why am I telling you this? Hmm… it seems… you still do not remember. Knife is not the only remaining Wammer. You are also a Wammer, and even if you do not remember it is your duty to restore the Wammer Assassin Order…
Continued in the G part of the ACG: “Orchestra of Emotion”.