On one time there was a man named bill and he had a lot of friends and was really cool and was in grade 7. all the girls in his class wanted to be he's girl friend and all the boys didn't want to be his boy friend because he was not gay. He bill walked into class and everybodsy eyes turned onto him body and they went aWOOGA AWOOGA because bill was so cool. the teacher said "bill sit down" and bill sit down in his chair, which was in the back of the class near a window. he was wearing jeans and a thrahser shirt that he got from old navy on sale a few days ago. his neightbour class mate behind him was ashley who was really funny but is really quiet but shes also the cool but in a low key way unlike the other popular people in her and bill class who were really dumb. The teacher start'ed class and asked question imediately "What part of body has the bones?" bill watch the class and nobody answer because they are dumb. bill chucked and raised his hand and said "This question is simple but nobody is know the answer becuase everybody is dumber than me". the class and the teacher gasp and then the principal walked in the room and say. "Young man you have crossed the line a one too many times" and then because I say these things a lot of the time and the principal hate me becuase im always right abuot everybody dumb. 
everbody in the room moved the tables away and opened open space in the middle of the room and principal walked towards me. I moved away the tables away then moved towards the principal as well. the princiapl swinged his first but i ducked then i pulled a raser from my boot ant shanked him in the left shoulder. He screamed out in pain "Ow" and then he ran away from the raser blade and put the tables back then left the room. 
 
at first only ashley clapped, then slowley everybody eles started clapping and sudden the clapping was really loud and could be heard in the other room. other class startec coming over to the room and they were also clapping because they know what happened. I smiled and high five ashley then jumped in ocean of croud and did croud surfing and the teachers said in uninion "school's out for summer". HELL YEAH, i love alice cooper baby! 
 
we got outside of the school and the police was there and they wanted to arrest bill. he punched and resisted but that only made the police oficers punch him ivan harder. all the school started to cried as the police officer bruised bill was pulled into the back of the car and they left.
 
i was really angry and punched the wall in jail when they took me to jail. my hands started BLEEDING and my blood was crimson blood that was coming from my hands and i looked at the guards and i made a crazy smile and i said "im going to kill every body when i get out of jail you mother crappers". over my stay in jail i was there for 3 months and i was became desperate. my skin and my bones were realy tired and i signed and closed my eyes and saw a big orb. i looked in to the orb and saw a face. it was george. hi said "george".
"hi i said" then george grinned with his semi-long black hair blocking his face. george was 32. he said "do you want help to KILL?" "OF COURSE I WANT kill" i said then the orb disappeared and i woke up in my jail sell and george was there. he said "look at this" and whiped a key from his pockets of his skinny jeans. he opened the jail door with the key and the guard who was standing there was standing there with his mouth open and he said "how did you open the door" and george respoended "i have a key to the door". bill pulled his gun from his boot and shot the gun in the jail. "everybody else in the jail said "he can you save us we are here for bad reason" then i was like "george can you open the doors then george said no". I said "Why not?" george responded "because they are real criminal and only real criminal lie to you. you cant trust everybone". I said "ok" then started to walk out of the doors of jail.
 
George and bill walked into the parking lot and I started driving a car, and you know where im driving the car to.
 
When we got to school the school was closed so we waiting until morning and we talked about our interests like minecraft, creepy pastas and julie from 8th grade. 
 
at 6:30 am the principal got to the school and everybody else got there and we were waiting there and we came out and george had a assalt rifle and he shot in in the air. the principal said "oh no this is bad" and started to run away. he shot the prniciple with the gun and he died. everybody gasped and someone started crying because it was frightening. suddely everyone clapped for george and had him in a wave of people wave he was raised and went across the croud. I was gealous of george because nobody cared about me anymore so i looked at him and frowned. he looked at me and was smiling. ashley came over to where george was and said he was cool and i thought that I was cool. I yelled "george" and george turned to me, with his scragley moustache blowing in the wind. He pulled out a gun and shot it at me but i dodged the bullet like how I learned in karate. everybody gasped then I ran up to george because i knew he didn't have any bullets left and i told him "you said that people lie but you were the real lier" then I shanked him in the face and he died.
 
suddenly my eyes turned black and everybody said wow because they were very deep black and my black hair was falling down but not in front of my eyes. the wind started shooting from my eyes and i grew BLACK wings and flew away to a mansion with other unholey souls. Jeff the killer was there, slender man was there, the rake was here, and even jane the killer was there. Jeff the killer shaked my hand and said "First mission for you is to KILL your're parents next time they make fun of mlp." I nodded my head and grinned and the camara panned from the evil house of kill and the credits rolled.
 
Storyboarding by me
Script by me
Voice acting-
	Bill - Me
	Ashley - My mom
	George - Me in a deeper voice
	Police officers and principal - my step dad
 
Ok guys so if this gets 5 upvotes ill write another chapter OWO xDDD :OOOOOOOO