I have only once seen a shooting star, and after nineteen years of waiting, I believe the time has finally come; It's happened again.
 
When I see the current average rating given to this film I want to cry, for this tis' the most one of the injustices in the world. This film is an underrated gem on the same level as Tool's 1996 album Aenima, or Tool's 2001 album Lateralus.
I really have to say that an incredible feat has been accomplished by this film. It brought to life the (true, mind you) story of Kahuna, who some may say was a victim of laughing chance; Caught between life and death at a young age, simply because of his father's experiments, trying to play god, he was never to age again. Though he was cursed with what many may think a blessing, he still managed to pick himself up by his metaphorical bootstraps and create a new life for himself, as a guardian of the common person.
 
It really brings me to tears.
 
But alas, moreover, furthermore, I must discuss the (very) unique merits presented in Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2.
Worldbuilding: 5/5
        The worldbuilding in this film was just  absolutely exquisite. It felt as if I was really there in the world and I could reach out to touch the super babies. When Kahuna was forced to jump over the Berlin Wall in his motor vehicle, I actually paused the movie and measured the height of the wall game theory style to make sure that my immersion could be contained. After a few minuscule moments of math and a little computer research magic, it was verified to me that they filmed at the real Berlin Wall, which is so important for movies these days. I hate it so much when there are supposed real world landmarks in a supposed kinography, but they don't pass the most basic of size tests. For example, when the cast of inception find themselves in new york city, the golden gate bridge is very briefly shown, and as I do every time I see a half-hearted flex of the parietal lobe, I unendlessly researched the most true size of the bridge and after finding the truth to be unsimilarily otherwisely to the events in the flick, I pontificated to my wife's hilariously buffoonish boyfriend the incalculable inaccuracies that were presented in this world-twisting scene by this "Christopher Nolan" fellow and his ilke. After this expression of purest rage and anger at the lawful yet unmoral lying being performed by what some may refer to as the general hollywood director, I proceeded to review bomb the flicke on iMDb, as I felt nobody else should be forced to see such fraudulent activity, but not only have their eyes tainted, but also have to pay to have their intelligence metaphorically scooped out of they're brain by some parasitic hollywood lobotomite.
 
Character Development: 5/5
this movie has the best character development, it was so good it made the intellectual part of my brain cry while the feeling part of my brain was also crying as well. As many a perfect film does, this film features an infantile cast of characters who speak foreign languages. At the beginning of the film, the group of four main characters: Archie, Rosita, Alex, and Finkleman are babbling in some foreign language (probably german or something), but as soon as their parents look away, they begin to speak in perfect english, making VERY funny quips about a plethoric array of topics. If you've seen it, I'd dare say that it's similar to the animated film "Toy Story" in a way, with the younglings refusing to speak english when adults are in the area. In the second act of the film, right after the hallmark torture scene featuring Kahuna, Kane, and a set of rusty pliers, the baby gang give up their plight of refusing to speak english around the adulters, though not without a struggle. It's truly a beautiful development from complete opposition to speaking before adults to finally deciding that it's the only way that they can stop Kahuna from being eaten by a pit of CG sharks. This one example should be enough to show why the character development in this film is completely unparalleled, without spoiling any things that would be considered to be spoilers.
 
Minor Issues with the Film: (1)
there is one plot hole though so I have to dock half a star for that plot hole that is a bad thing. also the actor for Zack went on to portray Goku in the 2009 filme Dragonball: evolution.
 
Overall Score (as calculated by me) : 67.889 / 70.000