Hello and I would like to inform you that my name is pickle jeff and I just stepped out of my home after watching 6 consecutive hours of fail compilations and gaming best moment clips on youtube and I am pent up with a overall disinterest in the machinations of the collective mind. With my first step the highest step of the stairs shook a mighty shook, and with my next step, I was already down the staircase. Now you might think that the uncertainty presented in the last line was presented specifically for inspiring fans to theorize and fill in the events, like y’know… what really happened in that last line? Were there only two stairs on the staircase? Were there more steps, but Mr. pickle jeff simply took a long step, or “Jump” to the bottom? What material were the steps made out of? You could even go outside of the realm of the steps and ask if the steps were attached to a patio, or if they connected directly to a door. As much as everyone is allowed to do this, it often gets frustrating to hear and watch people miss the point so brazenly. And all the people pondering on the meaning of the stairs, they’ve missed the point as well. The point here of Mr. pickle jeff stepping down his stairs after leaving his house is as much a point as if I were to have him use a revolving door, be eating a piece of toast, be throwing a grenade, be in a coma, whatever it could be. The point of the stairs is that they are a conduit through which I can write silly lines and details to hopefully make the reader laugh from. Haha isn’t this nonsensical? Further, one might note that the choice of the exiting and entering of buildings is a common introduction with most of my stories, and to this person I would have to say: “Yes”. I feel that the reason I keep coming back up on the same point over and over again is likely because the idea has been sold to me since a young age. After all, as a young child, I used to watch the Teletubbies, which featured at the beginning of every episode the tubbies exiting the tubbytronic superdome. Later in my childhood it would be Johnny test, also featuring the same point of exiting the Test household every episode. even later, I watched the big bang theory and seinfeld and friends and how I met your mother and corner gas and dog with a blog and parks and recreation and that 70s show and every single show, every single episode, always featured a door. Later on, during a long session of searching on wikipedia, I came to find out that all these shows were funded by the same company: the CMF. What connection could be made between this company and the exiting of buildings? I researched their organization extensively and somewhere in the second paragraph of the wikipedia article on the company, it says they are a canadian public media fund, which takes money straight from the hard working tax payer, and puts it into these television shows. So the inspiration, or more likely manipulation, for my often using people exiting buildings in stories seems to stem from the money of the public. Indeed, what I once thought a lowly conduit was long ago for sale, and seems to have been sold to the highest bidder. Now I must ask, was this a ploy by the government to create selfsame stories, knowing that an influx of building leaving would foster building leaving, or was it the only sensible alternative: A ploy by the american government? Either option is a shocking revelation for anyone who once thought they were free, even as I write this I can feel my skeleton and muscles and know that these words were once written by someone above me and indirectly placed into my brain by means of a subtle global brainwashing, with participation by all major and/or minor states, as about half the shows I’ve seen don’t even stem from north america, but come from Europe or Asia. For about three months now I have been laying in bed breathing irregularly waiting for the coming day when the alien will come to get me come to get me come to get me. Years have passed, and now the ideas once conveyed by mr anno appear to be taking form, as I can feel myself merging with the air around me. Soon I won’t be able to move, but it will be a final and happy incontinence. Wait a minute thats not the write word!!! holy crab am I right folks??? The correct word would’ve been immobility, but this goofster used the term incontinence! that means you can’t choose when you poop LOL!!! well indeed the protege of mindset trickster strikes again with his hilariously long winded shenanigans and another conduit to dump a little more dog shit on the page, the last time in the form of conspiracy and this in metacommentary. Anyways, back to the story…
 
Then I got hit by a car and died the end.