Jeremy shivered and fidgeted, lying face up on the cold floor of his apartment. It was a silent and cold November night in the city of Detroit. Half the buildings on his street were abandoned and the other half were noted drug houses. The closest police station was 20 miles away, so naturally crime and drug use in this neighbourhood had skyrocketed in the last few years, because there was nobody who could stop all the local criminals and lay down the word of the law. 
Sitting next to Jeremy, empty bottles, trash bags, and pizza boxes covered his surroundings entirely, worthless piles of trash towering 4ft up in dusty boxes he hadn’t touched for months, maybe years now. It had also been months since he had left his house, he thought, but was uncertain exactly how long it had been. 
The only way he could tell the passing of time was when his man arrived, because with the little brain function he had left, he had taken an important mental note that he and his man had come upon a deal months ago that his man would come to his apartment once every Tuesday at 10pm to sell him his fix for the next week.
Until Tuesday came each week, he would lay on the floor waiting, his mind made completely vacant by the junk he was injecting so regularly. All times when he would attempt to look back on memories of his past, to understand how he got himself stuck in this situation, but the visions he saw were terrible; distorted and nightmarish. They were frightening sights to see, dark shadows of people he was sure he once knew morphing and stretching into inhuman shapes, with 6 foot limbs and pin heads twisting into the dark. Because this was all he could see in his memory, he would never remember how he came to be a weed junkie.
 
When Jeremy was young, he lived in a family of 5: His sister, mother, brother, and father. They were a securely upper class family that lived in the rich suburbs of Seattle. His parents were huge into classical music and going to church, so naturally their children were as well. 
At the age of 5, Jeremy spoke most eloquently to his father: “Pappa, might I request that you enroll me, your youngest son into Piano lessons?”. His father, impressed by his manner of speech, immediately obliged and so started young Jeremy’s foray into that which one might call the Concert Grand. From the start it was apparent to even the most serfish of laymen that he was a natural born virtuoso, and thusly he climbed through the grades of the RCM in a flash. Only a year after he started he hit RCM grade 10, and so if he wished he could have taken the world stage along with any great pianist from history, his name remembered forever in the annals of time and culture but nay, he wished not for fame, but for true personal realization. In his current state on top of the world he felt a certain emptiness which at the time he didn’t understand.
Mere days after becoming one of the greatest pianists of all time, he spoke to his mother and inquired “Mamma, I know that you once in your salad days dabbled in the higher echelons of chessical society. Is this entirely truthful?” “Yes, my dear” She responded. “I was a high level grandmaster, and your father was a chess master in his own right, hahaha”. “Very good,” said Jeremy. “I am glad to know that my genealogy finds itself most highly superior in the world of that which one might call the truest gentleman’s game, a perfect battle of wits. Mamma, I suspect you have already determined from my ponderous countenance that I wish to become a grandmaster in my own right. Will you allow me to participate in chess lessons, Mama?” “Why yes, my son” responded his mother, and from that time onwards he studied day and night with a private teacher to achieve his highest potential. During the time he trained, he felt brilliant, as if this must be his true calling. After half a year, he had reached the apex of the chess universe, but once again he felt a certain emptiness. 
This worried his 6 ½ year old self beyond belief, and thusly he often had restless nights when he would ponder the meaning of his life. If it was not achievement he should be looking for, then had he been wasting his days training and training to reach the apexes of civilized society? He inquired of his brother and sister what he must do next, and as they were many years younger all they could respond was “Babababa banana googabooga ba ba banana” At a response so rude Jeremy struck his younger brother in anger with the palm of his hand, and cried to the heavens “Lo my holy god where is there for the continuation of my life?” At this, a light beamed down from the heavens and a white figure appeared in the room. The figure spoke “You who are so young must not yet worry of the worries of those who are beyond 6574 mooncycles. A young aristocratic chap such as yourself need only worry yourself about your education, and all problems you may have can be worried about upon a date later than that which we find ourselves on.” When the figure spoke, Jeremy began to cry tears of happiness. He thanked the figure and asked it “Are you god?”, to which the figure responded “Nay”. “If it is not considerably presumptuous of me, might I ask who you are?” asked Jeremy. “My name?” responded the figure. “My name is…” and before it could finish it’s sentence it disappeared like it had appeared, in a great beam of light.
Left crying in the room with his younger siblings, Jeremy felt moved by this experience and gained a great determination towards achieving great feats during his youth era. 
 
Years passed. His two masteries became four, then became eight, then sixteen, and went on this way during his childhood and adolescence. He learned exponentially faster than the older children his age. By the age of 7 he had entered Harvard university, and by his 18th year he had achieved a perfect mastery over every academic study imaginable. 
Once again, he found himself lonely at the apex of the intellectual world, indeed there was no comparably intelligent person that he could find in all his years of searching for a companion. 
Upon the mountain of IQ he stood tall at a whopping 130 and looked down upon the mental peasants of the 110s and lower.
Once again he cried in his loneliness and decided he should take an evening walk on the beach on his own.
While crossing the sands, he looked up at the sky and remarked on the beauty of the sunset. With a single tear forming in his eye he whispered to himself “there will always be another day” and continued to walk the beach.
Suddenly he felt a prick in the base of his right foot and jumped. “Ow! What was that” he exclaimed. looking down he saw a hypodermic needle that was dripping a green substance. 
“Oh no, no no NO NO” he started to shout, reading the label on the needle. It read “WEED”.
“How can this be happening to me” he thought, but it was too late. The weed had taken effect.
 
He blacked out where he was on the beach.
 
The next time he woke up he found himself in a weedhouse bed in Detroit. He found that he had an incredible craving to inject more weed. Indeed, he had become terminally addicted already from a single weed injection. When he opened his eyes the Weedmaster said to him “You’re finally awake?”. Jeremy nodded and the Weedmaster continued “Great. I’m going to need you to mix this weed for me, I’ve got a customer coming later and I need it ready for 2pm.” With that the Weedmaster walked out of the room and left Jeremy alone.
Jeremy stared at the weed pot for upwards of 2 minutes before deciding on his plan and getting up from the bed he was laying in.
 
At 2pm the Weedmaster returned to Jeremy’s room with his customer and said to Jeremy “I’m sure you’ve prepared the weed?”, but as he would soon find from looking around the room, the weed pot was now empty, and Jeremy had a weed needle sticking out of his arm. In a rage the Weedmaster shouted and kicked Jeremy out of the house, out onto the street. 
Already, Jeremy’s memories had started fading away and he was no longer the intelligent man he once was. Now he was a weed junkie. That night he walked the streets aimlessly and vacantly, looking only for another fix of weed.
 
Many years passed and we find ourselves in the present, with Jeremy laying on the trash-strewn floor of his apartment, waiting for the next weed fix. 
After days of nothingness, suddenly he heard a knock on the door and an envelope slid under his door. Slowly he raised himself off the floor and walked to the envelope. In the envelope was a new package of weed. it read “Extra Strong” on the weed package. 
Jeremy would be the judge of that. 
Using a funnel, he packed the weed into one of his syringes, then prepared a tourniquet on his arm, holding it by his teeth. He then injected the weed into his arm, and as happened every week his eyes lit up. They got brighter and brighter and brighter, as he started to feel normal again. This feeling didn’t last, however, as he kept getting higher and higher, his eyes getting brighter and brighter until he started foaming at the mouth. He started seeing his surroundings turn from trash and boxes to a bright white light, like he had seen as a child. “No! No!” he thought. “This can’t be happening, I’m not ready!”,  but it was too late, the white light got brighter and brighter, until all of a sudden there was nothing, and he slumped over dead on the cold floor of his apartment.
 
Elderly Mr. Richard D. Wank closed his book of parables and said to his grandchildren "And that's why you don't do weed kids, you'll end up just like poor little Jeremy, a filthy junkie living in a crummy neighborhood, now, you kids don't want that for yourselves do you?" "No Grampa!!!" chimed back the kids, all lying snuggled up in their beds. "Good, good... well, now that my nightly parable is done, it's off to sleep with the lot of you" Mr. Wank softly spoke, to which he got a response of "Okay granpapa!" All the kids started to doze off into sleep as Mr. Wank shut off the lights, left the room, and shut the door quietly behind him.